feat: add title and description to the frontmatter of mdx docs (#154)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/authentication/social-connections/xero.mdx

---
title: Xero

> description: Learn how to setup social connection with Linear.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to setup social connection with Xero.
```

> description: Learn how to setup social connection with Linear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to set up social connection with Xero.
```
